Some information about this game.
You need SC-3000 computer for this game and at least 16kb of Basic cartridge. 
This is simple Text visual rpg-like game with slavic reference. 
If there is some words you do not understand you can just google it, we make sure that this words could be googled for explanation.

Some tips for playing the game:
1) If you see this sign"?" with no additional explanation, then just push CR button to proceed further. (it was made to hold the information on screen)
2) about main menu. you got 6 options. 1- is battle with random mobs and the mobs is scaling according to your level (there is 4 levels that you can achieve according to your XP). 2- is shop where you can buy weapons and extra life for gold. 3- option for manually replenish your HP after the battle. 4- in this option you can loose or find some money (5gold) or there is 8 tips to help you understand the mechanics of a game), what will be there is pure random so be aware. 5- this is a final battle you can try to beat it on the first level but I don't think that it will be possible :-) once you're in final battle there will be no turning back and no extra life will save you, it's win or die situation. 6- is for additional menu where you can end game,restart from scratch and continue back.

Sword is weapon that gives you +1 attack bonus
Axe gives you +2 attack bonus
Tegilay gives -1 to damage from enemy
Kolchuga gives  -2 to damage from enemy
+1 life gives you second chance, if you will die in random encounter with +1 life in inventory, you will return to village screen with full HP and you loose nothing except the +1 life in inventory.

Fight option is starting the random through of a dice (like in DnD) if you will have 0 than your damage to opponent is 0(it's like miss), if 1/2/3 than your damage is 1, if 4/5/6 than 2, if 7 / 8 than 3 and if you roll 9 it is critical damage.
To every roll it adds your attack bonus. (so if you have a sword and you roll 6 then your damage will be 2+1=3, but for critical damage its double attack bonus so 2+ 1*2=4) 
Your opponents are in the same condition except that if you have any armor then your armor bonus will be subtracted from their damage (like if your 1st level opponent will throw 8 and you have kolchuga (-2) then it will be 3+1(enemy attack bonus)-2(your armor bonus)=2)

Please read carefully the whole screen text in each screen for good understanding what you can choose.

You make a choice via numbers and CR to skip or choose the option, nothing else is needed and no controller option is available at this version.

Game weight is around 11 kb.

This is a little instruction to briefly understand what's going on. In the future we will make custom label for limited cassette release and the full instruction.
but now its free for you to enjoy our little game just for a 10-15 minutes :-)